CTest--an amateur radio contest logging database and rig control app.

Copyright (C) 2012 Nate Bargmann, N0NB, n0nb@n0nb.us

0. What is it?
==============

CTest is a logging program for amateur radio operators interested in radio
sport.  The User Interface draws much of its inspiration from the classic
MS-DOS CT logger by Ken Wolff, K1EA.  Of course, many keystrokes used by CT
are impractical in a modern Linux desktop enviroment so various
substitutions are required.  However, the basic logging keystrokes are the
same.

The name CTest pays homage to the legendary CT.  However, no source code
from CT or reverse engineering of CT object code exists in CTest.  CTest is
free software, written from scratch in C++ using the wxWidgets graphical
tookit, and licensed under the GNU Public License, GPL, version 3.0 (see the
file COPYING). While cross-platform operation may be possible, the primary
focus is on Linux. Testing and code contributions for running on other
platforms is welcome.


1. Motivation
=============

While many fine contest logging programs are available on other platforms,
it is mostly impractical to get them to work satisfactorily under Wine.  The
various Linux alternatives do not appeal to this author for various reasons.
As a result I set about authoring an application that I would feel
comfortable using during the various operating events.  A large part of that
is the feeling of being in control of the program, therefore on-air
transmissions should only occur in response to a specific keystroke (an
auto-CQ with a configurable interval is the only planned exception).

Schemes such as "Enter Sends Message" have at times left me asking for a
repeat when some other program decided to transmit while I was trying to
copy the other station's information.  Operators familiar with CT's use of
the <Insert> and keypad '+' keys should feel comfortable with CTest.


2. Use it!
==========

While the program is currently quite immature (only displaying a few
prototype windows at the moment), it will only gain capabilities by usage
and code contributions.


3. Project info
===============

A project has been created on SourceForge:

https://sourceforge.net/p/ctestlogger/

also a development mailing list:

https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/ctestlogger-developer

and forum:

http://sourceforge.net/apps/phpbb/ctestlogger/


73, de Nate, N0NB >>
